fixing and adding documentation for RemoteAccess (#489)
azerothcore/wiki: docs/final-server-steps.md

## [Account Creation](Creating-Accounts.md)

> ## Setting up Remote Access
> You could be satisfied with creating users manually in the world console. But at some point you should set up a registration form, so you wont have to paste their passwords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting up Remote Access
For development purposes, this step is not necessary. However, for increased security when you want other people to make accounts you should set up a registration form, so you don't have to paste their passwords.
```
